Add Amazon bedrock doc (#116)
LangStream/documentation: configuration-resources/large-language-models-llms/bedrock-configuration.md

# open-ai-configuration

> The resource `bedrock-configuration` allows you to configure the access to the Amazon Bedrock models for embeddings and completions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource `bedrock-configuration` configures access to the Amazon Bedrock models for embeddings and completions.
```
